Oh guys what's going on it's messengers
roar review when I'm coming to you from
massive rose.com awesome roar review for
the viewers at home today it's not a
product we've been selling for a while
Nev it's on a product that we have had
in stock for a while at massive Joe's
combo we have never actually done a real
reviewing it before we've done a
sophomore alone we've done a suppose
we've never done a raw of you and it's
just been reformulated all the flavoring
systems been reformulated to give it a
new improved flavor new improved tape so
we thought man let's go do a review on
it perfect opportunity it's on Dymatize
I saw 100 hydrolyzed 100% whey protein
isolate flipping around Nev let's get
straight into it show them the label
let's tell them exactly what's in a real
simple product
it's a hydrolyzed 100% hydrolyzed whey
protein isolate very high in protein
very low in anything up so 25 grams of
protein per scoop and then depending on
the flavor it's zero fat zero carbs zero
sugar lactose free gluten free it's a
very pure protein powder I would go so
far as to say need drop the tub down I
would go so far as to say the creme de
la creme the top of the food chain when
it comes to protein bars you actually
can't buy protein powder better quality
than iso 100 men yeah as you said like
the vanilla the banana hold on no I'm
just gonna say something quickly in
terms of how it tastes how it mixes
comes in six flavors comes in chocolate
vanilla banana cookies and cream berry
and pina colada berries now actually
strawberry strawberry and pentaquark and
pen sorry the vanilla the very
strawberry the banana yet and the pina
colada all have zeros across the board
yep the cookies and the chocolate have a
small amazing they have one gram of carb
and carb so yeah which is part of the
flavoring system it's not actually part
of the protein
in terms of how mixers we don't even
have to do a live demonstration with
viewers at home and it's 100% hydrolyzed
whey protein is going to mix in a glass
with a spoon no problems whatsoever you
can mix it just by saying sweet nothings
you could probably put it in a glass
with air and it would mix just I just
snort it
snort your ass a 100 in terms of the
effects
tell them Neve tell them yes I hope
those are very topham hatt agent ok
tastes delicious new improved flavor
system as well don't get much better
than that there are so 100 men effect so
it's a perfect post-workout protein
yourself
it is quite idolized and what does that
mean for the viewers at home that don't
know what happens absorbing protein on
the mum why is it faster because the
whey protein isolate and what what does
hydrolyzing mean means it's gone through
an extra process in the manufacturing
person which does what to the protein
peptides makes them small ah it's
delicious makes the protein peptide
smaller so they can be quickly absorbed
into the bloodstream means you get
faster absorption means you get more
complete absorption they don't even have
to put digestive enzymes in this bitch
because the protein is so pure means
that anabolic window can be up taken do
you use iso100 post-workout Neve I do I
do as well it's actually everyone at
team massive Joe's that does a
post-workout shake does ISO 100 plus
dextrose plus creatine either
monohydrate or hydrochloride depending
on items including me well and you throw
glutamine in there you don't need it
because I'll say 100 has enough
naturally occur and glutamine and you
sure as hell are not in a calorie
deficit my brother
I mean the other food you get any first
one I'd need 90 percent protein per
weight as well Mia it goes without
saying in zeros across the board
it's just protein and artificial color
artificial flavor guys hit the subscribe
button so if everyone a lot of time we
get people coming in asking us for
gluten-free or lactose free proteins so
this is the one you want to do
gluten-free lactose-free and so
particularly well with the Pussycats
knees with the ladies
the ladies love it because it's zero
carbs or fat tastes delicious sugar do a
carb carb is a sugar Kaluga is a carb
well that's a zero zero boy I'm gonna
hit the subscribe button subscribe to
our YouTube channel stay up to date with
all the latest editions of massive jaws
raw review guys that is massive just raw
review long-overdue roar review on
Dymatize I say 100 just recently it says
up top new improved taste and I'm coming
to you from massive jaws dot-com